Update user story and fix file name (#129)
camaraproject/NumberVerification: documentation/API_documentation/NumberVerification_device_phone_number_User_Story.md

> # Number Verification Device Phone Number API User Story

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Number Verification Retrieve Device Phone Number API User Story
```

Reviewer 2: Ok with the change, but "Share" would be more accurate as it's the terms used in the yaml

Reviewer 3: I'm fine with share - the yaml uses also return.
We need to close this one quickly with the closure of the release ;)

| **Item** | **Details** |
| ---- | ------- |

> | ***Summary*** | As an enterprise application developer, I want to retrieve the phone number associated with the device from which the call was made, so that I can ensure that I obtain the correct phone number and avoid fraud e.g. identity theft. |

Reviewer: I do not understand the use case. Stumbling about the word "call" here. 
Is the use  case this?: 

`A user calls the enterprise hotline, and as an enterprise application developer, I want to retrieve the phone number associated with the device from which the call was made, so that I can ensure that I obtain the correct phone number and avoid fraud e.g. identity theft.`

If this is the use case, then how is the access token obtained? 

The scope of NV is
> verify the phone number associated with the SIM used in the device connected to the mobile **data** network.

From that reasoning above I think the work "call" is wrong, right?

Maybe the use case(s) should start with how the access token obtained?

Author: Hi @gregory1g, let me ping you for this topic since from TEF side @jgarciahospital is OOO right now. Thanks

Reviewer 2: Call refers to the API call, not any other phone call. If there is any other more appropriate term to be used we can update it.

Reviewer 3: What about **api call** instead of **call** ?

Reviewer: @bigludo7 @jgarciahospital @fernandopradocabrillo 
please see my suggestion https://github.com/camaraproject/NumberVerification/pull/129#discussion_r1727232532

Reviewer 4: Has this been updated "API call" instead of "call", it still seems to be "call"?

Author: @AxelNennker proposed an alternative text yesterday and I have applied it

> | ***Summary*** | As an enterprise application developer, I want to retrieve the phone number associated with the device from which the API call was made, so that I can ensure that I obtain the correct phone number and avoid fraud e.g. identity theft. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ***Summary*** | As an application developer, I want to retrieve the phone number associated with a mobile connection. I use client credentials to authenticate and provide e.g. the IP address of the mobile connection. |
```
